{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\f1\fcharset0 LinePrinter;}
{\f2\fcharset0 CG Times;}
{\f3\fcharset0 Univers;}
{\f4\fcharset2 Marlett;}
{\f5\fcharset0 Lucida Console;}
{\f6\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\f7\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f8\fcharset161 Arial Greek;}
{\f9\fcharset162 Arial Tur;}
{\f10\fcharset186 Arial Baltic;}
{\f11\fcharset238 Arial CE;}
{\f12\fcharset204 Arial Cyr;}
{\f13\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f14\fcharset161 Courier New Greek;}
{\f15\fcharset162 Courier New Tur;}
{\f16\fcharset186 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f17\fcharset238 Courier New CE;}
{\f18\fcharset204 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f19\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f20\fcharset161 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f21\fcharset162 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f22\fcharset186 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f23\fcharset238 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f24\fcharset204 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f25\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f26\fcharset0 Beesknees ITC;}
{\f27\fcharset0 Bradley Hand ITC;}
{\f28\fcharset0 Calisto MT;}
{\f29\fcharset0 Curlz MT;}
{\f30\fcharset0 Elephant;}
{\f31\fcharset0 Eras Bold ITC;}
{\f32\fcharset0 Eras Demi ITC;}
{\f33\fcharset0 Eras Light ITC;}
{\f34\fcharset0 Eras Medium ITC;}
{\f35\fcharset0 Eras Ultra ITC;}
{\f36\fcharset0 Juice ITC;}
{\f37\fcharset0 Matisse ITC;}
{\f38\fcharset0 Rockwell;}
{\f39\fcharset0 Rockwell Extra Bold;}
{\f40\fcharset0 Snap ITC;}
{\f41\fcharset0 Tempus Sans ITC;}
{\f42\fcharset0 Viner Hand ITC;}
{\f43\fcharset0 Wide Latin;}
{\f44\fcharset0 Haettenschweiler;}
{\f45\fcharset2 MT Extra;}
{\f46\fcharset0 Arial Narrow;}
{\f47\fcharset0 Bookman Old Style;}
{\f48\fcharset0 Garamond;}
{\f49\fcharset0 Book Antiqua;}
{\f50\fcharset0 Century Gothic;}
{\f51\fcharset0 Monotype Corsiva;}
{\f52\fcharset2 MS Outlook;}
{\f53\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}
{\f54\fcharset2 Wingdings 2;}
{\f55\fcharset2 Wingdings 3;}
{\f56\fcharset0 Arial Black;}
{\f57\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\f58\fcharset2 Webdings;}
{\f59\fcharset0 Comic Sans MS;}
{\f60\fcharset0 Impact;}
{\f61\fcharset2 Wingdings;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red153\green41\blue0;
\red41\green41\blue0;
\red0\green41\blue0;
\red0\green41\blue102;
\red41\green41\blue153;
\red41\green41\blue41;
\red255\green102\blue0;
\red102\green102\blue153;
\red255\green153\blue0;
\red153\green204\blue0;
\red41\green153\blue102;
\red41\green204\blue204;
\red41\green102\blue255;
\red153\green153\blue153;
\red255\green204\blue0;
\red0\green204\blue255;
\red153\green41\blue102;
\red204\green204\blue204;
\red255\green153\blue204;
\red255\green204\blue153;
\red255\green255\blue153;
\red204\green255\blue204;
\red204\green255\blue255;
\red153\green204\blue255;
\red204\green153\blue255;
}
\margl2880\margr720\margt1440\margb1440
\f6\fs18\b0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
This is just text, not a paragaph...
\f19\fs31\i\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 0. 
\f46\i0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 1. 
\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 2. 
\f6\b\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 3. 
\f46\b0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 4. 
\f19\i\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 5. 
\f6\b\i0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 6. 
\f46\b0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 7. 
\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 8. 
\f6\b\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 9. 
\f19\b0\i\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 10. 
\f46\i0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 11. 
\f6\b\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 12. 
\f46\b0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 13. 
\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 14. 
\f19\i\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 15. 
\f46\i0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 16. 
\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 17. 
\f6\b\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 18. 
\f46\b0\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 19. 
\f19\i\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Testing is a good thing 20. 
\li0\ri0\sb0\sa240
Some paragraphs...\par

\li100\ri0\sb0\sa240
Some paragraphs...\par

\li200\ri0\sb0\sa240
Some paragraphs...\par

\li300\ri0\sb0\sa240
Some paragraphs...\par

\li400\ri0\sb0\sa240
Some paragraphs...\par

\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
Some paragraphs...\par

\f6\fs18\i0\cf6\qj\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
[.TextAlign = taJustTop] This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph.\par

\cf2\qc\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
[.TextAlign = taCenterMiddle] This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph.\par

\cf11\qr\li500\ri0\sb0\sa240
[.TextAlign = taRightMiddle] This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph.\par

\li0\ri0\sb0\sa240
[.TextAlign = taLeftTop] This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph. This is a long paragraph.\par

}